 II .
-LCB- Chapter heading picture : p9.jpg -RCB- Prince Prigio and his Family .
Well , the little prince grew up .
I think I 've told you that his name was Prigio -- did I not ?
Well , that was his name .
You can not think how clever he was .
He argued with his nurse as soon as he could speak , which was very soon .
He argued that he did not like to be washed , because the soap got into his eyes .
However , when he was told all about the pores of the skin , and how they could not be healthy if he was not washed , he at once ceased to resist , for he was very reasonable .
He argued with his father that he did not see why there should be kings who were rich , while beggars were poor ; and why the king -- who was a little greedy -- should have poached eggs and plum-cake at afternoon tea , while many other persons went without dinner .
The king was so surprised and hurt at these remarks that he boxed the prince 's ears , saying , `` I 'll teach you to be too clever , my lad . ''
Then he remembered the awful curse of the oldest fairy , and was sorry for the rudeness of the queen .
And when the prince , after having his ears boxed , said that `` force was no argument , '' the king went away in a rage .
-LCB- Prigio reading a book : p11.jpg -RCB- Indeed , I can not tell you how the prince was hated by all !
He would go down into the kitchen , and show the cook how to make soup .
He would visit the poor people 's cottage , and teach them how to make the beds , and how to make plum-pudding out of turnip-tops , and venison cutlets out of rusty bacon .
He showed the fencing-master how to fence , and the professional cricketer how to bowl , and instructed the rat-catcher in breeding terriers .
He set sums to the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and assured the Astronomer Royal that the sun does not go round the earth -- which , for my part , I believe it does .
The young ladies of the Court disliked dancing with him , in spite of his good looks , because he was always asking , `` Have you read this ? ''
and `` Have you read that ? ''
-- and when they said they had n't , he sneered ; and when they said they had , he found them out .
He found out all his tutors and masters in the same horrid way ; correcting the accent of his French teacher , and trying to get his German tutor not to eat peas with his knife .
He also endeavoured to teach the queen-dowager , his grandmother , an art with which she had long been perfectly familiar !
In fact , he knew everything better than anybody else ; and the worst of it was that he did : and he was never in the wrong , and he always said , `` Did n't I tell you so ? ''
And , what was more , he had !
As time went on , Prince Prigio had two younger brothers , whom everybody liked .
They were not a bit clever , but jolly .
Prince Alphonso , the third son , was round , fat , good-humoured , and as brave as a lion .
Prince Enrico , the second , was tall , thin , and a little sad , but never too clever .
Both were in love with two of their own cousins -LRB- with the approval of their dear parents -RRB- ; and all the world said , `` What nice , unaffected princes they are ! ''
But Prigio nearly got the country into several wars by being too clever for the foreign ambassadors .
Now , as Pantouflia was a rich , lazy country , which hated fighting , this was very unpleasant , and did not make people love Prince Prigio any better .
